{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf370
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww25400\viewh14520\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 CG:YRF Support Package Application 
\b0 \
\

\b Deadline: 
\b0 March 31st (Tuesday, 23:59 Honolulu time)\
\

\b Criteria: 
\b0 - Quality of submissions\
- Geographic distribution of participants\
- Career stage\
- Motivation stated in the application form\
\

\b Motivation\
\

\b0 I am an adjunct professor at Universidade Federal de Santa Catarina (UFSC), Brazil. I obtained my Doctor degree in April 2014 at IMPA, a prestigious Mathematics institute in Brazil, and started my career as a professor at UFSC in August 2014. My PhD thesis was advised by professor Diego Nehab and presented new theory and algorithms to solve fundamental problems in two different areas: new quasi-interpolators for image reconstruction that outperform all previous interpolators in terms of image quality (image processing) and a first algorithm to consistently tetrahedralize self-intersecting surfaces (geometry processing). During my PhD studies I spent one year as a visiting student at ETH Zurich, supervised by Prof. Olga Sorkine-Hornung. For more information about my publications, please visit my website: http://mtm.ufsc.br/~leo/\
\
As a young researcher on geometric algorithms and applications, I am very excited to attend CG Week 2015. The high-quality papers that are going to be presented during the International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2015) provide me a unique opportunity to learn the state of the art on the area, and the Young Researchers Forum (CG:YRF) is a great chance to present my work and interact with other young researchers and senior scientists. Unfortunately it has been difficult for me to obtain funding to develop research in my country. Conferences and academic visits in Europe and North America are expensive due to the distance and money currency differences. My University and the national funding agencies usually support part of the expenses but are not able to cover everything: flight tickets, accommodation and conference registration.\
\
The work "Nested Cages" my colleagues and I are submitting to CG:YRF presents a method to generate increasingly coarse domain approximations that respect three desiderata: the cages have the same topology as the original mesh, strictly enclose it, yet fitting as tightly as possible. Cages with such properties find applications in various fields: multiresolution PDE solving, physical simulation, interactive animation and collision detection. Previous approaches fail to satisfy one or more of these desiderata. We believe the results and the range of applications we present in the abstract makes our technique very useful for the community and encourages future developments. This work has been done in collaboration with Alec Jacobson (postdoc at Columbia University) and Etienne Vouga (professor at University of Texas at Austin), both with respectable lists of publications in Geometry Processing and Computer Graphics journals and conferences, though young as well.\
\
\
\
\
\
- Introduce myself (IMPA, ETH Zurich, UFSC, areas of research)\
\
- Difficulties w.r.t. funding (brief) and opportunity given in CG:YRF\
\
- Nested Cages, Alec and Etienne}